Now that you've completed your current income statement,
we can think about ways to save much much more.
So that your new and improved income statement will
reflect your saving strategies.
And so you might have noticed that your dashboard summary
has been updated a bit, right?
Which you can access by clicking on the dark blue button
on the left side here of your dashboard summary.
You can see some of the items you entered
are reflected here.
And our goal is to use what we will learn
from the next exercise and the many associated
savings lectures so that we can increase our savings rate
materially, as a percentage of what you make.
And we're actually gonna cover more than 100
different ways to save in the next section
of the course.
So that when we do the same income statement exercise
again we're gonna get much higher savings.
A much higher savings rate I should say,
as you create your new and improved income statement.
And so please continue to keep in mind
how small changes in our spending patterns
can lead to material savings in the long run.
It all adds up.